Entrance to hell:
The cemetery is located below a road. It appears to be very old and seems deserted. Few stairs along the road can be used to descend to the cemetery level. There are paintings along the cemetery wall which supports the road - they serve to hide entrances to crypts. Most paintings are disturbing - they depict unusual creatures and weird scenery, often involving scenes of violence. 
One particular crypt entrance is covered with a painting of some sort of small hairy human-like creature with clawed feet standing in front of a hill below a yellow sky. The creature appears to be staring directly into the viewer.
Few people have gone to the cemetery at night. Fewer still have noticed that between 11 o'clock and midnight the creature is not actually present on the painting. Coming closer reveals that it is in fact in front of the painting, standing very, very still. It remains unclear whether it is an inanimate statue or an actual fiend standing in the dark.
This scene alone was enough to drive away all those who were ever close to the painting at this hour. None of them ever knew that if they tried to step into the hill scene behind the creature, they would find themselves inside the crypt, filled with dozens of similar motionless statues. For inside of that crypt, there are stairs leading lower to similar crypts, on and on, until finally reaching hell itself.
If anybody ever entered and stayed after midnight, he would find himself having to spend a day inside.


Tavern in the woods:
There is an old tavern hidden in the woods, located near a small clearing next to a stream. During day it is closed, but during the night all kinds of scum comes there, mostly to get drunk or to do dirty business.


Figurine:
Once you drop it, it turns to a powerful magical companion. This companion can take a lot of punishment. Once it's life force is drained it does not perish, but gets sent to its plane of existence where it recuperates, and cannot be used again until it regenerates. The companions may be told to return back to their plane. They have to do it anyway after a certain amount of time has elapsed. Once they return, all that is left is the magical figurine. There are all sorts of companions - for instance, a panther figurine harbours a mighty panther. Companions have a mind of their own - some companions may even turn against you. But in general they will obey their master, that is, the person who used the figurine to call them. The figurine itself is not destroyed easily, but if it is, the portal to the companion's plane of existence is forever closed.


Wild creatures:
Not all wild beasts will attack the moment they spot you. Creatures of the wild are known to be very cunning and skillful hunters. Sometimes a beast will follow you for days without you knowing, only to find the best moment for assault. It may be while you sleep, or when you're weak or outnumbered. If you suspect that you're being followed, a good idea is to lure the beast by pretending to be an easy catch.
